Naoya, you seem confused after Kasumi reproached you.
Yes. Everyone wants to see something that is interesting right?
I think it’s going to go viral!
That may be true. But is that what Kasumi wants?
In that sense, it is correct that you checked with Kasumi
before uploading the video this time.
If you had uploaded the video before getting Kasumi’s approval,
you would have infringed her copyright.
Is that so?
Yes. Now, let’s check the copyright.
I don’t know what went wrong...
Copyrights include moral rights and economic rights.
In this section, we will focus on these economic rights.
In addition to the right to reproduce a work,
there are various other economic rights,
such as the right to perform or show a play or movie,
translate it, or add different forms of creative expression.
Although economic rights belong to the author
of a work who first created it,
it is possible to assign all or part of these rights
to another person.
The person who has these rights is called the copyright owner.
Here, we are concerned with one of these rights,
the public transmission right!
The public transmission right?
The public transmission right is the right
to transmit a work to the public,
for example, by broadcasting over the airwaves
or distributing over the Internet.
Here, the public in copyright law means an unspecified person
or a specific and large number of persons.
The copyright owner of the work owns this right.
In this case, it’s Kasumi.
Naoya attempted to show Kasumi’s video to unspecified persons.
This constitutes an infringement of Kasumi’s public transmission right.
I am not trying to make it go viral. I just wanted my followers to see it.
So, if I’m going to upload it, I will do it by myself.
I see. I assumed it was better to have a lot of people see it.
Indeed, I would have felt the same way as you if I were you. Sorry.
What Naoya tried to do this time was
not only infringed the public transmission right
but also infringed on other economic rights.
Oh, there are others!
Naoya downloaded the video data from the link sent to him
and tried to upload that file to Zwitter.
Let’s think about this action.
First, the copyright owner has a reproduction right
because downloading video data can be reproduced.
In this case, Kasumi’s permission is required.
I downloaded what was sent to me. That’s not a problem, right?
Yes, that’s right.
Next, uploading the data to Naoya’s Zwitter is
related to the public transmission right, one of the economic rights.
The public transmission right is the right
to upload data to a server on the Internet
and make it available to an unspecified number of people.
This is also a right that only the copyright owner, Kasumi, has.
I see. So that’s where you’ve infringed on Kasumi’s rights.
Yes. Even if no one downloads it, the mere act of uploading is
an infringement of the public transmission right!
So, what do you think would happen
if someone other than the copyright owner
uploaded copyrighted material to social media
or a web page without permission?
Hmm, I wonder...
If everyone uploads without permission,
you won’t have control over that copyrighted work, right?
Yes. If someone is  uploading someone else’s copyrighted material
on the Internet, to view or download,
the copyright owner will no longer be able to control or manage it.
If it we a profitable work, there would be a lot of lost profits.
To prevent this from happening,
the scope of use of copyrighted works
should belong to the copyright owner who can decide and control it!
Indeed, you’re right.
So please think about public transmission and making transmittable
in the context of this case.
Let’s see, the copyright owner of the video is the author, Kasumi.
The right to upload to the Internet or social media is the public transmission right.
If you upload it, it will be transmitted to the public
so it’s not okay for me to upload it without permission.
So, as long as I can talk to Kasumi and get her okay,
there won’t be a problem.
Yes.
But, even I thought it would be better to ask Kasumi
how she felt before sharing the video.
That’s why I sent her a message.
Yes, that’s true. But since we are friends,
I think about it as a matter of feelings,
but what if it had been between people we didn’t even know?
This is essentially a matter of social structures, laws, and contracts.
Don’t forget that.
Yes! I understand!